applications: asset_tracker_v2: Add documentation for LwM2M integration (#7512)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/asset_tracker_v2/doc/cloud_wrapper.rst

| :ref:`lwm2m_interface`      |   :file:`asset_tracker_v2/src/cloud/lwm2m_integration.c`         | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_INTEGRATION` |
+-----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------+

.. _lwm2m_integration_details:

LwM2M
=====

The following sections explain typical concepts in LwM2M and its implementation in the application.

Bootstrapping and credential handling
-------------------------------------

When the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_INTEGRATION_PSK` is enabled, the modem is provisioned at run time after boot with a `Pre-Shared Key (PSK)`_ set by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_INTEGRATION_PSK`.

If :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_RD_CLIENT_SUPPORT_BOOTSTRAP` is enabled, the PSK is provisioned to a security tag dedicated to the bootstrap server connection.
During bootstrapping, the application receives a separate newly generated key from the bootstrap server that is provisioned to a security tag dedicated to the management server connection.

> This PSK is used in the management server connection that the application connects to, after bootstrapping has been completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PSK is used in the management server that the application connects to, after bootstrapping is completed.
```

The time that the LwM2M engine polls for data after the last correspondence with cloud is set by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_QUEUE_MODE_UPTIME` Kconfig option.
Increasing this value beyond 60 seconds does not cause any change due to the NAT and firewall issue mentioned previously.
But it can be increased if the LTE network allows it.
If increasing the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_QUEUE_MODE_UPTIME` option, make sure that the LTE PSM active timeout set by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_PSM_REQ_RAT` is also increased to a value greater than the Queue mode uptime.
This ensures that the modem goes into LTE PSM only after the LwM2M engine has finished polling for incoming data.

.. note::

   The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_PSM_REQ_RAT` option only increases the value that is requested by the modem from the network, not what is actually given by the network.

Send operation
--------------

The application exclusively uses the `LwM2M v1.1`_ send operation to send data to the server.
This operation enables the application to explicitly send data to the server, whenever it wants.

> The user can setup the server to enable periodic notifications for objects and resources, but there is no guarantee that the resources will change value between notifications using that approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can set up the server to enable periodic notifications for objects and resources, but there is no guarantee that the resources will change value between notifications using that approach.
```
